hey what's going on everybody ought to
head and welcome to a new black ops 2
live episode so today we're actually
playing some more team deathmatch this
time on studio using the mp7 with the
quick-draw handle anti suppressor now if
my voice sounds kind of nasally right
now and I'm sorry but I'm actually
dealing with a call which is pretty
annoying because I have to sniff that
the entire time like straight my throw
which I personally don't really like all
of course added all that stuff out for
you just think I should be well just to
make sure you don't have to listen to
that it's it's annoying enough that I
have to do it but you know fair enough I
gotta keep putting out some content
right
oh there we go that was actually a
savior medals more like a kill steal
they should put out a medal like that
she'll steal I would have got loads of
dogs I would have had so many of those
oh crap wow dude really don't like
moving there we go no you got takeout
sweet let's zoom in no no we gotta wait
let's go for the 894 come on show me
your face I hate that so much I know
that they're there but I also know that
if I challenge them I'll fully die
especially with that lmg dude around the
corner oh I was lucky okay there we go
lightning strike our sweet place it over
there this one is probably going to do
very well I'll actually change my player
card I get that you know by accident I
was actually trying to make sure that
those new things actually went away and
in the process i accidentally saved it
so i have like one soldier right now
i'll try to change that okay that was a
camper get out of the way get out the
way get out of the way I want to flank
him I need him dead there we go and the
him plea tough little bastard I hate
plays like that okay here we go let's go
on the chopper over there that should
hopefully do something no one over there
we've got one over here come on come on
come on that aim there we go Thank You
stealth chopper don't over
now you got taken out pretty good fixed
about that I know one over there on the
UAV sweet okay they're all over here or
at least a bunch of them let's see if we
can take some of them out my stealth
chopper dude some work though oh there
we go oh they helped me kill her it was
like a five man feed once they're pretty
sweet pretty damn sweet oh there you go
you're so dead thank you in on a stealth
chopper was there not a guy I thought it
was another guy I should probably lay
low for a while get around the map and
then take out some more dudes you know
what I don't even know why I went away I
don't even know there we go no no don't
feel anything thank you I want another
UAV I kind of need you Ivy didn't shoot
them down I just heard someone fires aah
16 just basically just a stinger I don't
know why to change the name but we just
died that is too bad that really is too
bad i was doing pretty well i'm still
doing pretty well like I'm not going to
the plane but I was doing pretty well I
don't upload a lot of fathers games I
usually die once or twice that's just
how it is I guess that's just how it is
now if I want over here
music that radar like a bus it's really
all about using the radar properly in
team deathmatch I mean I get that
question right how do you do well in
team deathmatch because most people like
I know that most people play team
deathmatch just for the sake of you know
that the most people place team
deathmatch the lobby scar are genuinely
less laggy but you just got to make sure
you use the radar properly and they will
definitely do well in team deathmatch
because it's all about a map control
really like it pretty much any game but
anyway that was pretty sweet 38 in one I
think I did pretty well I like that 30
to an hour flawless I mean I would have
preferred like a 35 no flawless but it
is what it is anyway if you enjoyed the
video and like rotting wood as always be
family appreciated if not that is of
course cool as well and then I will
hopefully check some of you next time
take it easy